Add java_home env var for macos (#4133)
facebook/react-native-website: website/versioned_docs/version-0.74/_getting-started-macos-android.md

> After you install the JDK, update your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable. If you used above steps, JDK will likely be at `/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/zulu-17.jdk/Contents/Home`
> 
> Add the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable in ~/.bash_profile (or ~/.zshrc if you use Zsh):
> 
> ```shell
> export JAVA_HOME=/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/zulu-17.jdk/Contents/Home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the JDK installation, add or update your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable in `~/.zshrc` (or in `~/.bash_profile`) .

If you used above steps, JDK will likely be located at `/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/zulu-17.jdk/Contents/Home`:

```shell
export JAVA_HOME=/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/zulu-17.jdk/Contents/Home
```
